migration checklist: more details on checking errors after migration;… (#1403)
sul-dlss/preservation_catalog: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/storage-migration-checklist.md

- [ ] run on storage root: ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:audit:m2c[stor_root_name]```
  - [ ] requeue failed jobs / ensure no jobs failed via resque GUI https://preservation-catalog-prod-01.stanford.edu/resque/overview
- [ ] after M2C finishes, generate report for objects with error status ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:reports:msr_moab_audit_errors[stor_root_name,m2c_b4]```
- [ ] note druids for each existing M2C error (from report in /opt/app/pres/preservation_catalog/current/log/reports)

>   - [ ] Ensure there is a github issue for the error/object in preservation_catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Ensure there is a github issue in preservation_catalog that captures each error/object (can be a catchall issue if all the errors look the same, should likely be separate issues if the errors differ).
```

Author: i am rewording to capture your idea.

#### C2M
- [ ] run on storage root ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:audit:c2m[stor_root_name]```
  - [ ] requeue failed jobs / ensure no jobs failed via resque GUI https://preservation-catalog-prod-01.stanford.edu/resque/overview
- [ ] after C2M finishes, generate report for objects with error status ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:reports:msr_moab_audit_errors[stor_root_name,c2m_b4]```
- [ ] note druids for each existing C2M error (from report in /opt/app/pres/preservation_catalog/current/log/reports)

>   - [ ] Ensure there is a github issue for the error/object in preservation_catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Ensure there is a github issue in preservation_catalog that captures each error/object (can be a catchall issue if all the errors look the same, should likely be separate issues if the errors differ).
```

Author: ditto

#### CV
- [ ] run on storage root ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:audit:cv[stor_root_name]```
  - [ ] requeue failed jobs / ensure no jobs failed via resque GUI https://preservation-catalog-prod-01.stanford.edu/resque/overview
- [ ] after CV finishes, generate report for objects with error status ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:reports:msr_moab_audit_errors[stor_root_name,cv_b4]```
- [ ] note druids for each existing CV error (from report in /opt/app/pres/preservation_catalog/current/log/reports)

>   - [ ] Ensure there is a github issue for the error/object in preservation_catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Ensure there is a github issue in preservation_catalog that captures each error/object (can be a catchall issue if all the errors look the same, should likely be separate issues if the errors differ).
```

Author: ditto

    If you're not confident that CV can finish by Sunday evening, give it more resque workers via shared_configs PR https://github.com/sul-dlss/shared_configs/blob/preservation-catalog-stage/config/resque-pool.yml

>     NOTE: if we have to trigger CV audits manually (i.e. the above doesn't automatically kick off workers), we will need to run CV for the list of druids on the new root, NOT the entire new storage brick (when there is more tan one old root migrated to a single new storage brick.)  The list of druids is the 'druids_b4' report for the old storage root in /opt/app/pres/preservation_catalog/current/log/reports.

Author: good catch;  i am adding a sentence at the end instead (same idea tho)

  - [ ] requeue failed jobs / ensure no jobs failed via resque GUI https://preservation-catalog-prod-01.stanford.edu/resque/overview
  - [ ] watch for errors in Honeybadger
  - [ ] after CV finishes, generate report for objects with error status ```RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake prescat:reports:msr_moab_audit_errors[stor_root_name,cv_after]```

>   - [ ] diff cv_b4 report with cv_after report before content migrated - the druids and statuses should match.

Author: good catch - i removed the offending phrase.
